hey there guys I am NOT surprised if any
of you like where you didn't put up a
video last night
well the unwritten rule YouTube love our
life I could speak the unwritten YouTube
rule where you are allowed to post your
video like say the one I'm let me get
today I am allowed to wait to press that
till tomorrow but I prefer to do on the
day but last night was just so tired
it's been a long day and yeah so you
have to we use today double the fun I'm
sorry I didn't get up as that but
normally I strive to try and get them up
on the exact same day as I report them
but sometimes it's just a little tired
and yeah but right now this is very
still very nice weather outsides bit
more windy day two we did you want me to
go flying which is okay have you noticed
how when the wing stand like that over
there looks like a surfboard like the
end of a surfboard it's kind of cool
tomorrow you guys remember we weren't
bonbon land that the limited park well
let's amusement park about two weeks ago
tomorrow's two weeks ago exactly and we
have these tickets which would allow us
to go in again free within two weeks and
that is tomorrow that's the last day so
tomorrow we are going to bon bon land
again even though I've got a bad foot
and I just have to walk slow and be more
careful but i might get company and I
won't tell you guys where it is but
you'll see tomorrow it's going to be if
the person is coming it's going to be
quite funny right now I'm just resting
my foot and I got like this tea towel
and underneath here there's like a bag
were dies inside so I'm just cooling my
foot down and just had some anti flama
Tory pills just to get the swelling down
and today we're eating the house
hoovering and dusting off and all that
so that looks nicely now and I'm just
editing some video and I applied for
youtube partnership through another
company I tried to do through yash which
is apparently a gaming thing and that
didn't work so I just thought that you
cancel my account there
do that and I found a new place called
full screen and I try to apply with them
just done that now so hopefully i'll
hear from them if we're gonna get
grounded partnership with them or not
but if that succeeds if i get that done
that means i will youtube partner and
that is what is so bitch trying to get
and hopefully they can increase my views
and maybe some more subscribers even
though i got like a lot of scrubbers now
I'm so happy you guys are joining me you
are so nice this is a lot more than I
ever expected my channel but come out to
be I never thought that I see let me go
this this far it is beyond what I
imagined so thank you all for your
support and your help that's really is
amazing thank you so tired or be yeah I
made some new ones um I got some green
ones and some clear ones so yeah I'm
just going to leave this here I think it
would be nice to see them just leaving
leaving left them there and just give a
little bit color
evening everybody I'm just thinking I'm
taller one of my good friends Casper and
no we're just relaxing on skype which is
awesome and listen to play music all
right now I am about to take Sally out
for a night thalia visit and probably I
have a quick shower myself and go to bed
because tomorrow i'm off on bangla and
it's going to be fun and I'm bringing
the GoPro this time and now I got new
skeleton back side or back cover and the
difference in that one is that the back
side won't be waterproof but at least
the sound will get in bed so you guys
can hear what I'm saying a lot more so
yeah that's going to be nice i'm going
to bring on the right because I'm found
out a way how I can get a strain
attached through the camera housing and
that string I can in turn around my
wrists so I won't drop the camera or
anything and if they come and see where
you go record the camera you should drop
it well uh huh I'm not gonna drive it
look at this so hopefully i'll be able
to take our eyes and yes show some
reactions and even though probably wish
we just laughed because i gotta say that
it's been a downtown being in America
being told amusements parks because all
the rides are so much big and so much
more extreme and so much more fun so
when you come to a small part in my it's
just like it's fun but it's not scary or
anything it's just like
laugh and smile but yeah I'm gonna be
hanging out with someone tomorrow which
hasn't been in a bun bun land for many
years and i'm hoping to get that
person's reaction since that's where
you'll see who it is tomorrow so
particular k guys and I've gotta thank
you all because I just hit 2,700
subscribers and that is all because of
you and sell just won't tell me but you
only awesome people in Casper go on the
camera just say hell no so you never you
can see and I want to see one of the
hand put your face in put your face in I
but apparently he's named what is what
his name what is your name of you nephew
alright so um I just got your name now
and hey Melda for my silly and yeah
Casper not gonna be hanging out soon
again so it's gonna be awesome alright
tikka gigas us you tomorrow goodnight